c:\users\fernandmorauskyoutlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cartas\Cartas\bin\Debug\Cartas.exe.config
c:\users\fernandmorauskyoutlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cartas\Cartas\bin\Debug\Cartas.exe
c:\users\fernandmorauskyoutlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cartas\Cartas\bin\Debug\Cartas.pdb
c:\users\fernandmorauskyoutlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cartas\Cartas\obj\Debug\Cartas.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\fernandmorauskyoutlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cartas\Cartas\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\fernandmorauskyoutlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cartas\Cartas\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\fernandmorauskyoutlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cartas\Cartas\obj\Debug\Cartas_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\fernandmorauskyoutlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cartas\Cartas\obj\Debug\Cartas_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\fernandmorauskyoutlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cartas\Cartas\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\fernandmorauskyoutlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cartas\Cartas\obj\Debug\Cartas.g.resources
c:\users\fernandmorauskyoutlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cartas\Cartas\obj\Debug\Cartas.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\fernandmorauskyoutlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cartas\Cartas\obj\Debug\Cartas.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\fernandmorauskyoutlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cartas\Cartas\obj\Debug\Cartas.exe
c:\users\fernandmorauskyoutlo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cartas\Cartas\obj\Debug\Cartas.pdb
C:\Users\fernandojosemaria\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Cartas\Cartas\bin\Debug\Cartas.exe.config
C:\Users\fernandojosemaria\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Cartas\Cartas\bin\Debug\Cartas.exe
C:\Users\fernandojosemaria\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Cartas\Cartas\bin\Debug\Cartas.pdb
C:\Users\fernandojosemaria\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Cartas\Cartas\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fernandojosemaria\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Cartas\Cartas\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\fernandojosemaria\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Cartas\Cartas\obj\Debug\Cartas_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\fernandojosemaria\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Cartas\Cartas\obj\Debug\Cartas_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\fernandojosemaria\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Cartas\Cartas\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\fernandojosemaria\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Cartas\Cartas\obj\Debug\Cartas.g.resources
C:\Users\fernandojosemaria\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Cartas\Cartas\obj\Debug\Cartas.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\fernandojosemaria\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Cartas\Cartas\obj\Debug\Cartas.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\fernandojosemaria\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Cartas\Cartas\obj\Debug\Cartas.exe
C:\Users\fernandojosemaria\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Cartas\Cartas\obj\Debug\Cartas.pdb
